README.md, before:

BigReactors
===========

What is this?
-------------

An upcoming mod for Minecraft, based on adding new and fun ways to generate power through big multi-block structures. Don't just plop blocks, design the machines yourself!

For near-future plans and development status, see the Roadmap file.

Big Reactors has an official website at [www.big-reactors.com](http://www.big-reactors.com)

Alpha
--------

Big Reactors is in an alpha state. The major features exist, and there are no _known_ serious bugs. However, it's not fully balanced. I'm only one guy - I can't totally break all the combinations you crazy folks will discover. The internal radiation/power production simulation is very complicated.

You can download the latest alpha from [the big-reactors.com download page](http://www.big-reactors.com/#/download).

_You will need other mods_ to play with Big Reactors. This is just a power-generation mod, so you will need a mod that supports the Redstone Flux (RF) power system. I personally recommend [Thermal Expansion](http://teamcofh.com/thermal-expansion).

License
-------

Licensing for Minecraft mods is silly. If you want to use my mod on your server, in your modpack, whatever, do it, have fun! If you want to use, copy or fork my code, go for it, have fun!

For the pedantic, copied from LICENSE.txt:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013, 2014 "Erogenous Beef"

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Here have a build icon and some links

README.md, after:

BigReactors [![Build Status](http://jenkins.willsr71.net/job/BigReactors/3/badge/icon)](http://jenkins.willsr71.net/job/BigReactors/3/)
===========

Download
--------
You can download the latest stable build from [jenkins.willsr71.net](https://jenkins.willsr71.net/job/BigReactors/lastStableBuild/)

What is this?
-------------

An upcoming mod for Minecraft, based on adding new and fun ways to generate power through big multi-block structures. Don't just plop blocks, design the machines yourself!

For near-future plans and development status, see the Roadmap file.

Big Reactors has an official website at [www.big-reactors.com](http://www.big-reactors.com)

Alpha
--------

Big Reactors is in an alpha state. The major features exist, and there are no _known_ serious bugs. However, it's not fully balanced. I'm only one guy - I can't totally break all the combinations you crazy folks will discover. The internal radiation/power production simulation is very complicated.

You can download the latest alpha from [jenkins.willsr71.net](https://jenkins.willsr71.net).

_You will need other mods_ to play with Big Reactors. This is just a power-generation mod, so you will need a mod that supports the Redstone Flux (RF) power system. I personally recommend [Thermal Expansion](http://teamcofh.com/thermal-expansion).

License
-------

Licensing for Minecraft mods is silly. If you want to use my mod on your server, in your modpack, whatever, do it, have fun! If you want to use, copy or fork my code, go for it, have fun!

For the pedantic, copied from LICENSE.txt:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013, 2014 "Erogenous Beef"

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
